---
layout: post
title: Top 5 Books 2017
description: Goodreads challenge of 25 books accomplished! Here are my top 5 books for 2017.
permalink: /blog/:categories/:title
date: 2018-01-02
author: Anthony A. Nader
image: topBooks2017.jpg
lang: en_US
imageSource: Brandi Redd
lead: Had the chance to read any?
categories: books
tags: top books dan brown susan cain malcolm gladwell reading challenge 2017
---

<b>I</b> accomplished my pledge of reading 25 books during the goodreads <a class="pink-hover" href="https://www.goodreads.com/challenges/show/5493-2017-reading-challenge" target="_blank">2017 Reading Challenge</a>. To keep things interesting, I read business or self-improvement books in the morning while eating breakfast and indulged in high fantasy or fiction books for leisure at the end of the day. Finally, I aimed for at least one technical book per quarter geared towards my field of study.

<b>I strongly believe in</b>:

> _"You cannot improve what you don't measure."_
- -William Thomson, Lord Kelvin

So, I used <a class="pink-hover" href="{{ site.goodreads }}" target="_blank">goodreads</a> not only to keep track of my progress but to also discover new books and authors. Another neat feature of this platform is personal shelves; it allows you to categorize your books in "to-read," "read" and "reading" which motivates you to finish the book you started and to look forward to the next book you'll pick up.

 Alright, here we go, my top 5 books for 2017:

<br>
#### 1. <b>The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck</b> - _Mark Manson_

I remember being skeptical when I picked up this book for the first time - "what's with this cheesy title." But I was hooked right after the first page. A real page-turner, written in an informal tone that anyone can appreciate. Quick and easy read, highly recommended. You'll truly enjoy this one!

> _“To be happy we need something to solve. Happiness is therefore a form of action;”_
- -Mark Manson

<br>
#### 2. <b>Origin</b> - _Dan Brown_

Ok, maybe I'm a little biased because Dan Brown happens to be one of my favorite authors; I voted Origins as my #1 fiction book for 2017. Such a progressive ideology behind this book, truly the two questions we have been asking ourselves since the beginning of time:

> _"Where do we come from and where are we going? You would ask about our origin and our destiny. And when you ask those questions, this would be the computer's response.”_<br><br>
> The terminal flashed: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR ACCURATE RESPONSE.
- -Edmond Kirsch

It's another excellent addition to the Robert Langdon character progression with another mix of real history combined with tomorrow's AI capabilities.

<br>
#### 3. <b>The Tipping Point</b> - _Malcolm Gladwell_

> _"Small changes can make a big difference."_
- -Malcolm Gladwell

The title says it all: a book packed with examples and anecdotes that demonstrate how sometimes,  small and insignificant impacts can cause tremendous shifts in the outcome of events.

I had previously read "Outliers" by the same author and since I've become very fond of Gladwell's writing style and research aptitude.

<br>
#### 4. <b>Sapiens</b> - _Yuval Noah Harari_

On one side, beautifully written and very easy to read. On the other, such a provocative book that arose so many questions! I couldn't stop talking about it to my family and friends. It's packed with scientific evidence that contradicts many theological and religious views on the human evolution. It's written in a warm tone that captivates any reader that has the slightest interest in the humankind.

<br>
#### 5. <b>Quiet</b> - _Susan Cain_

I finished this book while I was on vacation in Jamaica. It was highly recommended by <a class="pink-hover" href="https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/10949077-amanda" target="_blank">@amanda</a>. In addition to the excellent writing, the book shed light on an introvert perspective which today's society misunderstands and undervalues. It helped me realize that there is, in fact, a difference in the way introverts and extroverts view and behave in the world. It made me appreciate the strengths of each while understanding the differences of both.

>_Everyone shines, given the right lighting._
- -Susan Cain

<br>
### Parting Words

I hope you enjoyed this short list, feel free to add me on goodreads so we can keep each other motivated towards our <a class="pink-hover" href="https://www.goodreads.com/challenges/7501-2018-reading-challenge" target="_blank">2018 Reading Challenge</a>.

Let me know which book (if any) will be added to your reading list in the comments section below!

Cheers!

Anthony
